My epic day 1 of the Memorial Day Weekend
Before Saturday, I played Roblox with Hrihaan, Aroush, Audrey and Ayaan from 9:45 to around 10:30. We played Murder Mystery. I was broed so I said some nonsense into the chat. I rambled on hwo people looked pretty and racisum. I was bored that I wasn't murderer. I was also playing via Parsec. There's an issue with Parsec where my mouse cursor doewas ablesn't lock. This used to not happen, maybe this is after it merged with Unity. IDK. Anyways, so a funny moment was when there was a girl and I said that (I forgot) she looked pretty, or that I really liked her. Well, I forgot it was Murder Mystery because she took out her knife and STABBED me! The Sherrif was nearby so she was killed. But it was really funny. Ayaan said that the game gave him nightmares. Hrihaan was really funny because he said that everyone was bullying him but he was really annoying. We gave away Audrey's hiding spot behind a crate and she was killed by the murderer who was someone in our chat group. Audrey was also murderer and she was really quiet it was really obviuos. A mouse cursor that doesn't lock in Roblox is really annoying. Ayaan said Get Your Money Up not your funny up whooo!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUYMC9revJE. What else happened. Aroush was being aroush I sat on top of her when we were at the fountain. I had three funny encounters. The first time I was murder I was really excited and I found somebody to kill. I started to quickly click but due to the lack of mouse lock it went to the leaderboard so I screamed! I was able to kill everyone. The second time, I preteneded that I wasn't the murderer but I shrieked when I saw my gun. I told everyone to pretend that I wasn't murdere. in the end, I only killed a couple people. I was also a terrible sherrif.
1. I woke up at around 7:12 but I wanted to have a good nights rest.
2. I got out of bed a 8:25. Then I played Cities Skyliens until 9:00 when I did Skype.
3. I showed the courses that I had. I showed AHma that I had all advanced classes. She didn't understand.
I ate blue pacncakes.
Daddy complained that the ingridents were cheap while Allison said that we onlyhad it once and a while. She also expressed her happiness for how great the packaging was
Edit, they were purple ooghly pancakes from Trader Joes.
After breakfast I looked at the seed gemrination. THey were starting to grow. Maybe the microswaved seed had some progress after all.
Then, I after breakfast I did some duolongo and some textbook reading questioneer fill in.
Then, I wondered around and at 11:00 it was time for loksee
I had to wait for lokksee for a few minutes until she created the Google Meet link.
I joined the Google Meet and I asked Loksee about her youth group.
Asked Loksee if her mom still drives hte scholl bus and she says yes, I asked if she got a new school bus, she said yes, I asked her if she still has the collection of funny school bus moments with the annoying kids she said no. Then she showed me her brand new phone. I asked her what they did in a youth group, and she said talk, hangout , and a biblestudy with people around her age. I think I asked her one more questin but I forgot. I asked her if she still played Leauge of Legends a lot, she said a moderate amount, I herad a screech and I asked her what it was. She said that it was her new laptop. I asked her when she got the laptop. She replied a couple months ago. Then I told her how I remeebred that she used to play on the Lenovo Desktop. She said that she sometimes used it. I also asked her if the laptop was a school or not but she said it was a personal. It was really boring considering all of this happened in a spasn of like 40 minutes. For the most part, I was watching Youtube and IDK what Loksee was doing. We were all on mute without our camersa on. Lokkseee has a fatter chin I have  noticed. Maybe this is ebcause of all of the swimming. I guess this is all because we're growing older.
Aftre a while I was bored so i called ALlison over to do scribble io. I also noticed Loksee about that. Allison and I watched a youtube video about the truth of the new Warden cities.
We did Scribbl io with the funny words that I chose. Bill Gates, Donald Trump, and Joe biden joined. It was broing. Loksee was still on mute. She has grown. Allison used the bricky.
After that, we ate lunch.
After lunch, i got ready to go to the roller skating park. I had apac man shirt now and champion pants. I used mommy's socks. 
Right before we left we tried to see if my skates still fit but they didn't.
I gave up and we drove the rollermagic in south amboy. I refused to tell that the birthday party was run by Brielle.
We arrived at Roller magic and I didn't know if it was a party or not. In the end, I just purchased a ticket for myself. I had 25 dollars that Daddy gave me.
I was really anxious that the firends wern't there that I checked the messages on Daddys' phone. It told me to authenticate my accoutn when I logged in. I gave up.
I got my skate sworried that I was at the right date. 
FInally, I saw Denzel and brille. They sadi that ALyssa was further down.
(When I arrived at Roller Magic I also told Daddy that I didn't need him. I dind't want him to see Brielle!)
I put on the clip on shoes with Daddy's help and he left. He was oging to come back at 4:20 to pick me up ( but it closes at 4:30 10 minutes early just to be safe)
I found Denzel brille and Alyssa and they were very surprise that i was standing on the states. I gave 5 bucks to Denzel which would give it to Brielle. We walked around waited. Waited until we saw people come. We learned that AUdrey was two minutes away and that Christina just left the house.
Anyways Audrey came pretty soon and we had fun.
I dragged AUdrey for 10 seconds until she freaked out. I did the same to Denzel
Everyone was really surprised that I could zoom around at an incredible light speed.
Audrey couldn't record me fail.
I did Record audrey roller skating.
We also got food a pizza which Brilele's dad Brandon purchased. it was very mediocure. THe people inchard of the concessios wern't happy with theiri job. The vending machine didn't accpet our food, hodking hands, grandma etc. All in the next episode!



NJSLA:
Thursday Pratice
1. It was homeroom and Ms. Hoffner was passign out the NJSLA pratice location cards
2. Ms. hoffner checked that I was placed in Honors Algebra
3. We waited for the announcment.
4. Everyone went to their testing lcoation.
5. I walked to F1010 with ms. Hoffner.
6. I passed Audrey, Christina etc on the way.
7. I asked where they were going, they were going to Ms. Geroge
8. I arrived at the art room.
9. Ms. Hoffner told us that she was going to tell us the time when we start and end. 
10. We praticed entering testing mode.
11. Ms. Hoffner explained to us on how we would enter the test.
12. Micheal and some other boys kept pressing the "test audio sound"
13. There was an annoying bell sound.
14. I sat next to Prisha. Tarun sat behind me.
15. We exited testing mode
16. We went to first period. 

Tuesday
1. Dropped my instrument off at the orchestra room. I was extremely slow. We were all yabbering but we didn't want to be late. Nuha moved faster.
2. I went to my locker and opened it. Nuha struggled to open her locker. I think Sydney helped her open it.
3. I took out my headphones chromebook and two pencils. One of which was unsharpened.
4. I went to homeroom and Nuha was complaining how she was so anxious.
5. Random thing, I for start strong, I put my chromebook ontop of my locker and the chromebook accidentally hit my head. That wasn't funny but yea.
6. Mr. Landoplphi the Spanish teacher came. He had headphones.
7. Random thing, during homeroom, I either talk to Nuha, Colletee, Nico, or Marun. Nuha is always complaining and yelping. She complained that she didn't want to be alone, didn't want to grow up, didn't have a phone, doesn't want to call her mom, indecisive, and etc. I also sometimes walk around th eclassroom to see if there is something interesting. Ms. Hoffner had a poster which was a word cloud. Collete told Ms. Hoffner to be authentically enthusatic. Ms. Hoffner is always sarcastic.
8. They gave the call to go to our testing room. 
9. Ms. Hoffner and I walked to the testing location. We ruled the school. I ended up walking with Sachi and she held my hand. What a weirdo.
10. I entered the art room while saying hi to Patryk and Yogash.
11. I sat next to Prisha and we started the instructions. 
